phase2

	ExtraCredit Least Privilege - phase2
	---------------------------
	We implemented a Least Privilege system of sorts.
	If a user want access to commands that would affect a group of some kind,
	they must explicitly specify it with a command. User's can only escalate
	their privilege on groups they are already apart of. The following functionality
	allows for this to be done:

	SHOW <GROUPNAME> - Adds GROUPNAME to the current user's scope allowing for commands
						affecting the File system and Group system to be used.
	SHOWALL - Adds all groups available to a current user to the scope allowing for
				commands affecting the File and Group systems to be used.
	HIDE <GROUPNAME> - Removes GROUPNAME from the current user's scope disallowing for
						commands affecting the File and Group systems from being used.
	HIDEALL - Removes all groups from the current user's scope disallowing commands
				affecting the File and Group systems from being used.

	This was achieved by altering the User structures of Token.java and UserList.java.
	Should a user want to reset their scope entirely without one of the above commands,
	they can either relog or re-retrieve their token with a GET.


	ExtraCredit Client GUI - phase2
	----------------------
	We implemented a basic client GUI for a user to interact with the system without
	the use of the command line. This was done using java swing and java awt. All
	the functionality from the cli client is built into the GUI with either a drop
	down menu or buttons within the interface. A console in the middle of the
	application lets the user see the progress of their commands and if they
	succeeded or failed.

	To use the client: java ClientGui
	Within the top bar, you can connect to the Group and File servers or exit the system. 
	To use the functionality of the server, click the buttons on the side which will prompt
	if needed. 

	ExtraCredit Unit Tests - phase2
	----------------------
	Here we implemented a simple beginning testing frame work for the GroupThread.java
	functions. There should be a total of 12 different tests, and they test expected
	input for each of the functions. This was done by utilizing JUnit.

	To perform the tests, navigate the /tests/ folder and execute the test.sh file. 
	To see the tests being performed, see TestGroupServer.java.

phase3

	EKE Implementation - phase3
	----------------------
	EKE, which was implemented to mitigate T1, provides several security benefits and mitigate
	threats that we are not explicitly required to provide a response for. EKE provides 
	protection against active attacks where an attacker attempts to guess the password. 
	It also provides protection from dictionary attacks.

	ExtraCredit Client GUI - phase3
	----------------------
	As part of this, we had to extend the function of the GUI to encompass the new base 
	functionallity for the system. This included adding more prompts for GET and CUSER
	buttons in order to accept a password. Then we got the GUI to be able to prompt for a 
	new password should the user's account have a temporary password set to it. Much like
	the CLI, this will prompt as many times as it takes for the user to input a different 
	password than was previously set. 

	To use the client on a Windows machine: java -cp "<PATH_TO_BOUNCY_CASTLE_JAR>;" ClientGui
	To use the client on a Linux machine: java -cp .:<PATH_TO_BOUNCY_CASTLE_JAR> ClientGui
	From there, the GUI can be used as normal. 

phase 4
	
	ExtraCredit Logging - phase4
	----------------------
	To allow for usage knowlege and potential attacker mitigation, we have implemented a logging
	system for the servers to utilize. Whenever a client connects to either group or file server,
	they will be given a "log_<IP>-<PORT>.log" file within the respective server's log folder 
	(group_logs and file_logs) which are generated on start. This file will contain all information
	that was previously output to the console for a user's actions within a server as well as a 
	little more information depending on the call to the server and level of success that call reaches. 

	ExtraCredit GUI - phase4
	----------------------
	While we did not do any specific work on the GUI client, we tested it and ensured that it still 
	worked within the the system and with the changes we integrated for this phase. 
